Stop!
Before I ship you off to the Red Light District, let's have some fun.
It's all right.
Don't run!
We'll let you get away with this!
It's not dope.
It's don't dangerous.
We don't have action on the dotted line.
That's rich.
If that's really his kid, then why is the answer your call?
Please, please, please.
What?
You know, only two grand?
Then again, you work for me, Simon.
So why do you keep defending her and come to think of it?
You're the one who brought her to my private room in the first place.
Come on, I didn't do anything.
I just, look.
You work hard, okay?
It's about time that you just kind of settle down with someone, all right?
Yeah.
She's just a nice girl who, I don't know, was looking for her visa, looking for some work, so I sent her up to a sweet eleven.
That's all.
Sweet eleven?
Yeah.
And she's only looking for a work visa.
That's it.
That's all.
Yeah.
She's already called me twice.
She loved the voicemail.
Please.
Please run.
She's in trouble.
I need to save her.
Let's go.
Please, come.
Give me that phone.
Stupid bitch.
Give me that bitch.
My necklace.
No.
I'll kill you.
Stop right there.